hi everyone my name is monster pony and i
I hope this is a quick and eighth
video in which I want to report a few
of things the first of these is what i am
finally finished all my
study and the other day I receive a master's degree
I do not plan to study further therefore I
now here's more like a free man and
I plan to do it soon
communication channels with this I am now and almost
I do not sit for days trying to mount rollers
make room on the computer under and
new videos since coming soon
new patch and world of warcraft
citadel of hellfire and need and need
everything that I had planned to write down
but not voiced
quickly spread to have somehow
please you with more relevant content
I also have several other plans.
projects for games blizzard and not only
Well, I will not blame this
let's see wait and see how they say
further one more thing and someone already in the know
of my subscribers that while i was
busy studying
I got myself a twitch as I turned on myself
arrows and nothing need to be mounted
and no need to sit on the pope for a long time
mount vidosiki
lazy content is called here like i
I am the body of my statics which
now I am coming to the guard I'm not going
streaming and mastering in the future
passing
new raid
unless it will interfere
assimilated because i'm not sure about my
computer one hundred percent what he
sometimes he will pull me even now
screams during the streams
say that turn off that's enough
it is now streaming pass in
mostly on behalf of my twin warrior
trying to master the role of a tank
it's very funny and nervous for now
I get well, I try
but also curious which conditions I
thin such raid which i thin
recently a very nice girl organized
girl static ie the third
which consists only of girls
will pass the microserver on
and if I'm a sushi girl and suddenly too
It became also curious that of this
you can calmly join
we have
girls just
there are different levels of training
without experience there are epochal owls before
and if you are just curious to watch
for our Misha bushemi someone thinks that
there we hysterics fights name powder
pick up shoes under her purse
You can come to our stream and make sure
what's going on with us like people
I will leave the link to twitch in the description
there is also our schedule of ours
streams
when we see
that's there for now thanks for your attention
i will make every effort so that we
met as quickly as possible on this
channel so far good luck to you
let's let's let's folk stand
on the diamond
the skull all turned came
anywhere in the cross fotik sharply can
to the diamond back from the quality of the tramp
butted all stutin and need